the book is in front of the table.
someone i know recently combined maple syrup & buttered popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. it didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
check back tomorrow; i will see if the book has arrived.
the body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
smoky the bear secretly started the fires.
the stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
love is not like pizza.
a kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
you have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
the snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
at last
we have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
when nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
greetings from the real universe.
he had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
the bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
the small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
the pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
as she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
the mysterious diary records the voice.
he was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
people keep telling me "orange" but i still prefer "pink".
the urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
he is no james bond; his name is roger moore.
you can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
it was difficult for mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
she lived on monkey jungle road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
he took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
when he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
the truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
there aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
his get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
to the surprise of everyone, the rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
the japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
i can't believe this is the eighth time i'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
when transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
art doesn't have to be intentional.
he walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
he decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
yeah, i think it's a good environment for learning english.
nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
your favorite anime is garbage and you should be ashamed.
not all league of legends players are savages, but those that are should not be spared.
one in ten americans believes in the moon.
if i had to die tomorrow, i would say i want it to be at waffle house.
the clarified compound is stored inside of the spheres.